I’ve spent the majority of my full-stack web developer career working within a WordPress context, but I have good experience working with Laravel and no-framework PHP codebases. Having experienced other frameworks  and methodologies helps me have an open mind to finding simple solutions to complex problems. 

Within WordPress, I have primarily spent my time developing bespoke themes and plugins with unique functionality that typically involve heavy integration with 3rd party services by either providing or consuming an API and managing that data within WordPress. For themes, I have broad experience working with the block editor and full-site-editing and an enterprise level, providing a managed user experience that is both flexible and provides governance and audit capabilities. I am also comfortable using more traditional methods of developing themes using ACF and PHP based templates. For traditional themes I would typically use a templating language such as Twig (via the excellent Timber framework) to make WordPress a little more MVC and easier to manage.

I have a strong understanding of working with WooCommerce having developed bespoke payment gateways, unique product types, shipping integrations and connections, and integrations to third party services such as Sage ERP or a product-linked LMS. As great as WooCommerce is, I also have worked with a number of bespoke e-commerce solutions within a WordPress and other framework contexts where using an off the shelf solution would not have provided the functionality needed at the performance required. 

I enjoy developing using Gutenberg/Block Editor for static and dynamic content blocks. I thoroughly enjoy using React based frameworks for developing front ends as declarative front-ends provide a robust way of providing a dynamic user experience without the complexities of trying to achieve the same using more traditional JS approaches.

I’ve also worked with automated build, test and deployment pipelines using Travis, GitHub Actions and Azure Pipelines. I have experience with package managers such as Composer, APT and NPM, and I love to use tools such as PHPStan, PHPCS, PHPUnit, Jest and Playwright to ensure quality is maintained with each release.
